you know people say that actors lie for
a living but this is living a lie okay
Rob when you're ready get ready camera
two oh Jesus whoa his head looks
like somebody's taint you barely look
different thanks man come on we've been
together for a thousand episodes
congratulations on a thousand hours of
being a massive sellout what do you mean
guys guys some pictures just came out
where it looks like McConaughey's
a goat conahey don't
him get the go get that go got some
questions for that go every night
millions of people watch our show I just
want to cover actual news not Nicki
Minaj's vagina flopping out at
the Grammys you don't like that brown
sugar anything do a brown sugar look at
this Kim jong-un wants to do an
interview with Dave Skylark he's a fan
look at this but if that ain't a
real story what is okay
let's do it mr. Rapoport I am
agent Lacey with Central Intelligence
[Music]
weird how you like just want to keep
smelling it though
Dave the CIA is here you two are going
to be in a room alone with Kim the CIA
would love it if you could take him out
mmm take him out click for drinks like
to dinner out on the town no take him
out you want us to kill the leader of
North Korea yes
we might die but we'd be total
if we didn't do this I've had a great
life and the best best friend more
women than Ellen DeGeneres Jim must die
that's the American Way
it says what you want you like it
you have to secure the payload what do I
do with what we do is it there are
people coming where the
what if you're hiding you but don't want
to stick it about us you gotta put it in
your butt right now it's a little big to
stick up my ass
they are closing in on you the package
is secure
that's yes Oh weapon of mass
destruction you got by Robocop
dude